Welcome to this Marchal we already had a look at the UK US and we already had a look at re-act us and
we will have a module where I compared them all and hopefully give you some help in deciding which one
you choose if you don't know that already maybe because you feel that you like some more than yabber
But before you make that decision let's have a look at angular the third framework I want to cover in
this course because with it a singular react and view these are the three most popular and modern frameworks
you can learn as of today.
Angular probably is the most hyped one because it has Odigo strangely successful first part a singular
one which was released 2012 and therefore angular as it is also backed by Google has a huge fan base
and base of developers working with it.
Nonetheless that doesn't automatically make it the right choice.
Yabber friend books are great too but let's dive into the basics of a singular in this module.
So did you see how it works and what you can do with it.